Sister Jing, are you kidding me?
Do I look like I'm joking?
I have been by Xiong Yan's side for so many years
I don't know what the purple gold card looks like.
Tell me, where did you get this card?
You have to ask your master bear.
He gave it to me.
Don't listen to his nonsense
He used to work as a security guard here
No background at all
How could Master Xiong be him?
If this card is real
Then I think he stole 80% of it.
Okay, stop talking nonsense, sir
I don't have that much time to spend with you here tossing around
Do it, this is Sister Jun
Let me introduce you
This is Wan Jie from Wanjia in Beijing
Master Jie is that rich country
The powerful family
Well, you're not ignorant.
This kid offended me
I thank him for both legs